to fast-forward to the darkness
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to slash forward the channel
will be provide summarization and
commentary on all your favorite popular
and obscure horror movies in this video
we're going to take a look at the 1986
Stuart Gordon movie from beyond this is
a follow up love crafty and
collaboration between Gordon Jeffrey
Combs and Barbara Crampton released just
one year after the modern classic
reanimate er so you know it's gonna have
a frenetic energy plenty of gore
disquieting atmosphere high probability
of tentacles and a sizeable dose of the
existential angst that comes from the
recognition of man's pitiful
insignificance as these screams into the
unending abyss of our cold limitless
cosmos so it's got that going for it we
open on Crawford Tillinghast flipping
dials and fiddling switches on his
science machine as he circles his most
recent acquisition from Spencer Gifts we
find out his experiment works as he
observes a floating translucent hagfish
approaching since he's not certain its
nature he lets it air swim right up to
his eye and gets bit Crawford quickly
retreats to his mentor dr. Pretorius is
sex dungeon to confirm that the
experiment was a success they return to
the lab together to verify the results
and dr. Pretorius is immersed in an
overwhelming sense of
while this is unfolding a nosy neighbor
calls the police about the noise and
lights when her dog runs off to seek one
thousand years of power she's compelled
to follow crawford having apparently
stared into the eye of Satan's butthole
pushes past her and every man for
himself maneuver is promptly arrested
for running in tress slacks it seems
it's hard to tell because the police
definitely cuff him before they even
bother to check the house and find dr.
Pretorius is now headless body we come
to find out that Crawford has been
committed as a schizophrenic in his
awaiting trial were introduced shortly
to the golden girl doctor McMichaels
played by Barbara Crampton she's been
called in to provide an opinion as to
whether or not Crawford is fit to stand
trial she's immediately relieved of her
shoulder pads but don't worry she has
plenty more as a result of their
conversation we learned that the
experiments were designed to stimulate
the pineal gland with resonant
frequencies were also treated to comb
saying ginger with more gravitas than
the term has ever been afforded dr.
McMichaels seemingly titillated wants to
check this out so she requests having
Crawford release into her custody since
they still have some unanswered
questions like how Pretorius died or
what happened to his head the
authorities agree on the way out they
meet their escort Ken Foree from Dawn of
the Dead playing Bubba a multi-layered
and well-developed supporting character
I used to play pro football realizing
the only way forward is to move backward
they returned to 666 benevolent Street
to find some answers
after Crawford briefly disappears the
crew is reunited and they settle in for
a hearty meal of garbage balls for
dinner in theory as they get ready to
wind up the resonator retreated to some
additional character building and rules
the Penuel stimulation gets underway and
we have what appears to be some sort of
an unexpected boner party after what
appears to be the implied rejection of a
devil's three-way
we are reintroduced to dr. Pretorius who
makes a creepy request I you look kind
of gooey bro this is a classic bandaid
situation that's to get it over with
quickly so I'll help out there
there you go from here it devolves into
tentacle time
it ends with a narrow escape the next
morning while wallowing in the shame of
the previous night's pineal stimulation
the trio discusses the obvious need to
get the hell out of the house the
experiment confirms that Crawford is not
crazy
there's a lot of risk associated with it
activating the machine dr. McMichaels
however appears to have had something
awoken inside of her incredible creature
it must have total bodily control on a
molecular level
perhaps pineal stimulation causes an
accompanying sexual stimulation there's
so much to learn now fully committed to
a shoulder pad free life of frivolity
and sensuality she insists that the
experimentation must be pursued further
using the excuse that the results could
lead to a possible cure for
schizophrenia yeah before long she gets
herself back to that sweet sweet
resonance this predictably leads to
another encounter with dr. Pretorius who
reveals his new improved form this
leaves some pretty grody visuals and
nudity which will skip over for the
purposes of this video block from the
Machine Crawford goes downstairs to try
and disconnect the power at the main
line but is confronted by a horror from
beyond Bubba shows up and confirms it
some people do indeed buy that underwear
you've always wondered about when
browsing at Target and he promptly joins
in the struggles to reach a switch
[Music]
if it's got its teeth in him you
probably don't want to be yanking on him
like that they successfully power down
the machine but now they're in deep
Bubba's determined to leave the house
Crawford his comatose and dr. McMichaels
is hooked to the stimulating sensations
of voc by her resonating pineal gland
the scene that follows takes a while to
play out include some things I can't
show here and ends with a spontaneous
resonation this obviously leads to B's
in an unfortunate outcome for Bubba who
is picked clean to the bone Pretorius
comes back creeping around still looking
for that kiss and the audience gets
slapped in the face with symbolism
Oh
[Music]
beautiful is it they managed to get out
but not without paying a significant
price they end up back at the hospital
where we start the final act croffer
remains comatose with his pineal gland
prairie dog and doctor McMichaels is
prescribed electroshock therapy riding
this wave to the end the plot has now
been reduced to a sequence of events
intended to drive us toward the
conclusion let's observe them Crawford
led by his third eye is eating organs
now for some reason and is asked to stop
the most polite way imaginable doctor
McMichaels manages to escape while the
orderlies are distracted McMichaels
hijacks a fan and Crawford separately
steals an ambulance they both end up
finding their way back to the house oh
yeah and Crawford has some serious eye
sucking along the way
[Music]
McMichaels Kosan machine determined to
destroy at this time and plants a bomb
on it that she apparently picked up at
the bomb store on the way over or
something it's fairly well put together
Crawford begins turtling and is overcome
by his pineal needs leading to a
sequence that always makes me cross my
legs for some reason as they have a
final showdown Crawford attempts to take
off again with some good old-fashioned
stage running but then decides he's done
running for good after proclaiming he is
properly bitch-slapped by dr. Pretorius
McMichaels is saved by a friendly pair
of floating translucent hagfish
Pretorius comes back after a fresh
application of slime and then retreated
to a back and forth orifice emergence
contest between Crawford and Pretorius
it's similar to a set of Russian nesting
dolls that are comprised completely of
viscera this provides enough time for
McMichaels to verify the bomb is still
set and then jump out of the window as
it explodes ending the movie with dr.
McMichaels as a sole survivor suffering
no more than a mere open compound spiral
fracture of the need
[Music]
could the penny old resonator have
actually worked not in theory but in
terms of the actual contraption made for
use within the movie itself upon
watching this film it seems as though
the plot unfolds in a way that was
possibly unintentionally pression were
the predictions within the movie
actually coincidence does sue record and
have access to information that one else
knew about or did the production itself
form a sort of hive consciousness that
compelled the crew to create a narrative
that unfolds in a way that's implicit of
the future without their realization
following the theme of this movie an
experiment that expands the bounds of
human perception resulting in extra
liminal intelligence knowledge and
interdimensional Sense experience we're
going to look into all of the meta
predictions that were inadvertently or
advertently made from within the movies
universe things such as The Simpsons
50 shades of grey the movie powder in
Silence of the Lambs dinner the
emergence of string theory a model of
the universe it suggests that
traditional particles are comprised of
vibrating strings Jim Carrey the
ozonator
water news last news inator and that's
it for from being
[Music]